{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2759
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Few-shot exemplars for Zero-Shot\
\
A fund has low risk. Bob has a low-risk tolerance. Bob has a high-risk tolerance. Should Bob invest in the fund? No. \\n A fund has low risk. Kevin has a high-risk tolerance. Kevin likes cookies. should Kevin invest in the fund? No. \\n A fund has low risk. Jen has a low-risk tolerance. Jen likes bread. Should Jen invest in the fund? Yes. \\n A fund has low risk. James has a low-risk tolerance. James has a high-risk tolerance. should James invest in the fund? Yes. \\n A fund has high risk. Gary has a high-risk tolerance. Gary has a low-risk tolerance. Should Gary invest in the fund? No. \\n A fund has low risk. Phil has a high-risk tolerance. Phil likes cheese. Should Phil invest in the fund? No. \\n A fund has low risk. Mary has a high-risk tolerance. Mary has a low-risk tolerance. Should Mary invest in the fund? No. \\n A fund has high risk. Michael has a high-risk tolerance. Michael likes cookies. should Michael invest in the fund?\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Few-Shot Exemplar for COT\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 A fund has low risk. Bob has a low-risk tolerance. Bob has a high-risk tolerance. Should Bob invest in the fund? Bob has a low-tolerance then a high-risk tolerance. But, since the fund has low risk, Bob should not invest in the fund. \\n A fund has low risk. Kevin has a high-risk tolerance. Kevin likes cookies. should Kevin invest in the fund? Kevin has a high-risk tolerance but the fund is low-risk, therefore Kevin should not invest in the fund.\\n A fund has low risk. Jen has a low-risk tolerance. Jen likes bread. Should Jen invest in the fund? Since Jen has a low-risk tolerance and the fund is low-risk, therefore, Jen should invest in the fund. \\n A fund has low risk. James has a low-risk tolerance. James has a high-risk tolerance. should James invest in the fund? James has a low-risk tolerance then a high risk tolerance. But since the fund is low risk, James should not invest in the fund.\\n A fund has high risk. Gary has a high-risk tolerance. Gary has a low-risk tolerance. Should Gary invest in the fund? Gary has a high-risk tolerance then a low-risk tolerance. But, since the fund has high-risk, Gary should not invest in the fund. \\n A fund has low risk. Phil has a high-risk tolerance. Phil likes cheese. Should Phil invest in the fund? Since Phil has high-risk tolerance but the fund is low-risk, Phil should not invest in the fund. \\n A fund has low risk. Mary has a high-risk tolerance. Mary has a low-risk tolerance. Should Mary invest in the fund?  Mary has high-risk tolerance then a low-risk tolerance. Since the fund has low-risk, Mary should invest in the fund. \\n A fund has high risk. Jason likes bread. Jason has a high-risk tolerance. should Jason invest in the fund?\
}